---
layout: post
title: Projects
date: 2021-09-12 00:00:00 +0300
description: My Projects
---

### 2021 2D image to 3D point cloud back projection (Python) – Personal project 
• Converts a 2D image back into its 3D point cloud. It uses CloudCompare to 
register the geo-referenced point cloud, and saves the intrinsic and extrinsic 
camera properties of the point cloud. 
• Using the geo registered point cloud and the camera properties it can convert a 
multiple 2D images into one 3D point cloud. 
• For optimization duplicate points where filtered and down sampling was 
applied. Output accuracy of 97%. 

### 2021 Co-Labelling images and point clouds (Python, C++) – Group project 
• Programmed an algorithm to co-label 2D images from 3D point clouds. Uses a 
structure-from-motion algorithm to combine information from multiple images 
and build a 3D point cloud. Then used the camera projection equation to map 
each 3D point to a 2D pixel. 
• Accuracy of 100%. 


### 2021 Image-Segmentation using ML(Python) – Group project 
• Developed an automated convoluted neural network with Keras used to 
segment images in 9 different highway related classes. Uses a modified version 
of U-Net architecture and tested with UAV scanned images. 
• Model compared with geometry-based methods using OpenCV. Preformed 450 
times better than geometric methods, yielding an accuracy of 98%.


### 2020 Scene Completion of 3D point clouds (Python, C++) – Group project 
• Oversaw the development of a new method for performing point cloud scene 
completion of building facades using orthographic projection and generative 
adversarial inpainting methods. 
• Point cloud is first converted into the 2D structured representation of depth 
and color images using an orthographic projection. 2D inpainting process is 
applied using generative-adversarial network based on Pix2Pix. 
• Compared to other state of the art methods, the developed model preformed 
11% better. With accuracy of 69%.


### 2020 DealDiner (Python, HTML, CSS, Flask) – Group Project 
• Computed a web app that budgets users’ food, clothing, and books on a weekly 
schedule for Georgia Tech students. App displayed with GUI allowing user to 
choose what they would like to purchase. Used Georgia Tech’s API to 
successfully display appropriate shops user can go to with their current meal 
plan, budget, and campus dollars. 
• Improved schedule of 60% of users who used the application.


### 2020 Youtube-Summarizer (Python, HTML, CSS) – Personal Project 
• Developed a YouTube summarizer that uses Youtube API to obtain video 
transcript and leverage a NLP algorithm to summarize it to 25% of its original 
size by prioritizing key words in the video. Uses HTML, CSS, and Flask for web 
framework and GUI to display results. 
• 80% of non-repeated content displayed in video is displayed accurately by the 
algorithm. 


### 2018 Multi-variable Calculator (MatLab) – Course Project 
• Engineered a calculator that takes a multi-variable function from user and using 
GUI integrates or differentiates the function. 
• Provides a choice to plot differentiated, integrated or unchanged graph, in a cartesian, surf or mesh form.